# MSMC Transport Carrier // 11.21.5024u
The squad finally met each other en-route to the recently-rediscovered planetoid known as **FENGRI**. Guided by MSMC Commanding Officer **JUSTICE**, Squad **ALPHA-LIMA-TANGO-ZULU** was given a rudimentary team-building exercise known as Virtual Training. 

**SABRE** drew their antique blade for a weapon and started swinging it flawlessly. While this was happening, **ECHO** attempted to hack into the virtual training's mainframe to play some music for her team, this backfired spectacularly, as **JUSTICE** watched her from his position instead of bearing witness to the show **SABRE** was putting on.

When **PEASANT** failed to guess his access password a couple of times, **JUSTICE** blankly looked at them and stated that if they needed help, all they had to do was ask. Because of this, the squad was pushed to the brink in what was supposed to be a confidence booster.

After the exercise, **JUSTICE** rests his cane against his body and starts applauding their efforts. He mentions that there will be more training coming up, so get used to it and enjoy the commodities on the ship while they still can - there's no knowing how civilized their next planet is. 

# MSMC Transport Carrier // 12.01.5024u

After what could only be described as a hellish training regime, the squad finally begins to gel together - if only a bit. **JUSTICE** assembles the squad for their first briefing under his wing. He mentions that he doesn't have much to say about the mission, saying they'll do good work and sending them the initial tasking packet to their systems. He also metnioned that the **MSMC** are being subcontracted under **HARRISON ARMORY**, so the operation is going to be a little more serious than usual.

1. The Armory made it imperative that we do not disclose our purpose for operating on world. Fengri is under strict treaty with Union to exlude any and all HA presence, so work under the assumption that things will get hostile if you are discovered.
2. The current holder of Fengri’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of SmithShimano Corpro. The Squad is to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
3. Fengri was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

 **JUSTICE** mentions that it's now time for the squad to depart on a smaller transport craft, and to ensure ~~a larger profit~~ the squad's safety, they'll be under stasis while in transit.
# MSMC Shuttle Carrier // 1.10.5025u

As the squad awake from their month-long stasis and set their sights on the planet known as **FENGRI**, the drop carrier's captain notifies them to suit up - and make sure to borrow some EVA gear if they don't have any. Time is of the essence, and time is money. The squad straps into one of a few dropships, and preps for the descent.

As they approach the world, their ship’s SIGINT deck reports that Fengri is throwing off an incredible amount of noise – likely because it is a post-collapse SecComm “punching bag” world littered with old, decaying military infrastructure, and ruins – and they find themselves unable to get clear signals. All of this matches the thin profile pushed to them by local flightcomm. 

The squad lands safely, dismounts from the shuttle, and begins assembling their tactical gear as they prepare to enter the nearby civilization.