Born aboard one of the generational ships that traverse through Blinkspace, Miloo Catignani was originally part of a crew sent to explore unknown regions of Union space for land and resources. Explorers by trade, these people were descended from scientists, navigators, and survivalists who had set out on a journey of discovery.

Growing up, Miloo studied many survival skills, from planetary reconnaissance to advanced exo-suit operation. He and others were deployed to worlds after dropping out of Blinkspace, tasked with cataloging resources and ecosystems for corporations, comparing with past data as a result of time dilation due to the relativity of Blinkspace travel. His habit to collect wild animals like the hunters of old, earned him the nickname 'Longshot' among his peers.

Though he enjoyed his work, he often questioned what else was out there, outside the confines of their ship in realspace. Too often, planets they would descend upon would show remnants of a lost civilization, colonies lost during the Fall of the humanity. Longshot would develop a strong respect for these cultures, vowing to catalog and remember them rather than exploit them.

During a venture in the Lyra system, pirates had stumbled the crew as they had found an ancient relic beneath the planet's surface while their ship was in orbit. Miloo's crew and dropship were not equipped to take on an enemy force, the others could only wait for reinforcements from the mother vessel to descend and rescue them. Miloo, however, decided to take action instead of waiting till it was too late. Though they had a mech stored aboard for emergencies, nobody had piloted it before this point, there simply wasn't a need to have that kind of firepower on their missions. But with his experience with exo-suits, he had the implants required to interface neurally with the machine that could make up for his lack of practical experience.

He was able to quickly adapt, powering the machine up and clearing away the pirates long enough for rescue to arrive with the strength of a military-grade mech. Mirrorsmoke would hear about the exploits of a single surveyor and offered to recruit them, a chance to see the rest of that universe they were curious about.
